Claude is now editing my videos end to
end. All I have to do is drop in a raw
file and it is trimming out the mistakes
and the dead space. It's adding motion
graphics like you see over here. It's
adding dynamic elements like you see
over here. It can even add subtitles at
the bottom of the screen like you're
looking at right here. So, even if
you've never coded before or you've
never edited videos before, I'm going to
show you guys exactly how you can get
set up and get outputs that look pretty
incredible just like this. All you have
to do is use your natural language. It
is so insane. Don't want to waste any of
your guys' time. So, let's just get
straight into the video. So yeah, I was
able to take this, you know, 50-second
clip, drop it into Claude, and then it
basically cut out all of the mistakes,
all of the filler words, and now we have
a 27 second clip with all of the motion
graphics that you guys just saw. But not
only that, you can see we also have this
timeline editor, which has all of the
actual elements down here, all of the
different motion graphics. So if I
wanted to, I could delete these, I could
move them around, and I could change the
timing because obviously what's super
important about motion graphics is the
timing. So now we have this actual
interface within our Hyperframes
dashboard to make some really quick
iterations. So today I'm going to show
you guys step by step setting up a fresh
Cloud project. We're going to get
everything we need to get installed
installed and by the end you're going to
know exactly how to edit videos just
like you saw in the intro. All right, so
before we get into it, let's talk about
the way that this actually works and
sort of the tech stack that we're using.
So before we were able to use Claude and
these other tools to edit videos, this
was basically my process. I would have
some sort of raw file, which would be a
recording, and then I would go in there
manually into, you know, like Adobe
Premiere Pro and I would trim out all of
my mistakes and I would trim out all of
the retakes and things like that. And
this was all very manual. So, I was
doing this manually and I was doing this
manually. And then if I wanted to add
any animations, I would be doing that
manually. And then rendering is not a
big deal, but I would be doing that
manually as well. And then a few days
back, this tool from Hen just dropped
called Hyperframes. And I made a video
about how we're able to use Claude with
hyperframes to get motion graphics and
animations like this. And what I showed
you guys in that video was basically us
doing these first two pieces manually,
but then we were using Hyperframes to
actually do the animations and the
rendering. So, still a huge productivity
boost, but we were still manually doing
the trimming and the editing. But now
we're taking it a step further because
we have this new tool called video use.
and video use is going to be the one
that's doing the trimming and editing
for us. So, right now what we're doing
is we're dropping in a raw file and then
it's basically being trimmed, edited,
animated, and rendered for us and it's
really cool. Now, yes, we could get rid
of the manual step of recording the raw
file. I don't want to do that for
YouTube because I want to keep these
videos real, but I did actually make a
video about that as well. In this video,
I talked about how I used Hey Genen to
basically automate me recording the
videos. So, I would drop in a script and
then it would give us the raw file. So
this step would actually change to a
hijen avatar and then because the fact
that the hijen avatar is perfect, we
basically were able to just remove this
trimming and editing step entirely and
then we would just get the animations
and the rendering done. So there's lots
of ways that you can skin the cat here,
but today what I'm showing you is
basically just manual recording and then
the rest from there is taking care of
us. And like I said, I'm going to show
you guys the step by step. And of
course, at the core of all of this,
we're using Cloud Code as the
orchestrator to connect all these
different tools together. Don't be
scared by the word Claude Code. I'm
going to show you how this works. It's
super simple. So, today I'm going to be
showing you guys how to do this with the
desktop app of Claude Code. Right here,
you can see this is what VS Code looks
like, which I've shown in a lot of my
previous tutorials. I'm not going to use
it today, but that is usually the main
way I like to use it. Today, we're going
to be using the claw desktop app just
because the interface might feel a
little less scary. Also, kind of funny,
when you search Cloud Desktop app, at
least right now, Codeex pops up. But
anyways, you're going to install the
claw desktop app. You can see you would
go to this cloud download page and just
download this for your operating system
right here. Now, once you open that up,
it's obviously going to prompt you to
sign in. And because we're using Cloud
Code, you do need to be on a paid plan
that has access to Claude Code. So then
what you're going to want to do is
you're going to choose a folder to work
in. So you could come in here, open a
folder, and just choose a brand new one.
It can be completely empty, and you'll
be all good to get set up. Or what you
could do is you could go over to my free
school community. The link for that is
down in the description. And you could
grab this Hyperframe student kit. And
all you need to do from here is you need
to just grab the URL of this and give it
to Cloud Code and say, "Hey, clone this
repo. Set up this project for me." just
like this. Like I said, link for this is
in my free school community. Okay, but
let's say you don't do that. What are
the other tools you'll need? Well, I'm
also going to attach in the description
of this video this Hyperframes GitHub
repo and the video use GitHub repo. A
GitHub repo is basically just a project.
It's a collection of folders and files
and Claude is able to look through this
and pull in the elements that it needs.
So, literally all you would do is you
would copy this link, go into Cloud
Desktop, just paste it in, and then I'm
going to go grab the other one as well
for video use. And I'm going to paste
that in. And I would just say, "Hey, I'm
setting up this project to be basically
my video editing studio. So I want you
to look at these two GitHub repos and I
want you to pull in the skills and pull
in the important information that we
need from these so that I could
basically give you a raw video file and
you would be able to edit it, remove the
filler words, and then help me add
motion graphics to it." So basically the
full pipeline. And then you just go
ahead and shoot that off and let it do
its thing. Let it look through those and
let it pull in any of the files that it
needs. Now, while this is running real
quick, you guys might be asking like,
why do you prefer to use the desktop app
over VS Code or vice versa? Well,
typically for me, the reason why I like
VS Code is because I can see all of my
files. So, this is my Cloud Code
project, right? And over here, I can see
my assets. I can see my projects. I can
see everything that I've dropped into
here. Whereas in the desktop app, you
don't have visibility. even though
they're working out of the same folder,
we just don't have that visibility
because on the lefth hand side here, all
we are seeing is our other projects that
we could switch into. We don't actually
get to see all the files. So anyways,
you can see it says, "Okay, good news.
Almost all of this is already wired up.
Everything's already set up because my
project is already set up. So you guys
can either grab the repos or you can
just basically do this exact same prompt
and it will set up everything for you
because all we need is we need the
skills from hyperframes and the skills
from video use and then we're just going
to start building some videos here."
Okay, so because that's already
happened, I'm just going to go in here
and I'm going to do a slash command,
which means I'm just going to clear out
this conversation so we can start fresh.
Okay, so I recorded this video right
here. It's 50 seconds and it's basically
just me kind of blabbing about what
we're doing in this video, but I
purposely made a few mistakes. I left a
lot of, you know, silences and filler
words in here. And remember, this is 50
seconds long. So I dropped this into the
project right here, and I'm going to ask
it to trim it for us. So in here, if I
type the at sign, it will show all of
the different things that are in this
project. And right here, if I go to the
bottom, you can see we have edit demo
raw, which is that video that I was just
talking about. And so now it knows
exactly what I'm actually referring to.
And I'm just going to say, "Hey Cloud
Code, I would like you to use the video
use tool just to edit this video. I want
you to analyze it. I want you to remove
any filler words or silences or retakes.
And then what we're going to do after
that is we're going to use hyperframes
to actually add the motion graphics to
it. So your first task is just to edit
out the mistakes and the filler words.
Okay, cool. So while that's running, let
me explain why we're doing it that way.
Because like I showed you guys,
ultimately what we're able to do is
completely automate this pipeline, but
we have to kind of work our way up
there. And if we wanted to use video use
to basically do everything, it could
because within video use, there's
actually kind of like a motion graphics
skill called reotion, which you guys
might have been familiar with already.
And the reason why we're using
hyperframes over remotion is because we
just like it better. I'll show you guys
a comparison in just a sec here. But
what you could do is say, hey, run the
full video use pipeline, trim, animate,
and render. I don't want to touch
anything. And it would do it. It would
do it with Remotion. So, let me show you
an example. So, if you guys remember the
intro to this video, we had these motion
graphics. We had these kind of liquid
glass cards, and I thought this looked
really, really good. We had this little,
you know, animation there. I love this.
This was hyperframes. Now, I dropped in
that same raw video that you guys looked
at here. I dropped in the same raw one
into Cloud Code and I said, "Hey, do the
full video use pipeline." And this is
what it gave me when it used Remotion.
Claude is now editing my videos end to
end. All I have to do is drop in a RAW
file and it is trimming out the mistakes
and the dead space. It's adding motion
graphics like you see over here. It's
adding dynamic elements like you see
over here. It can even add subtitles at
the bottom of the screen like you're
looking at right here. So even if you've
never coded before or you've never added
So you can see it trimmed it just fine
because it went from 50 seconds to again
about 27. It added things like this. It
synced it up to the time that I was
actually saying them. So it all felt
good. But I just like the hyperframes
animations a little bit more. Real
quick, I'll just show you guys a few
other examples of what's possible. Here
is Remotion. So it has a nice little
background. It's got my face in the
lower right corner. It has these motion
graphics coming in. So, it's not to say
that Remotion isn't capable. It's just
to say that right now with the new
hyperframes, the way that it works with
HTML, I just think I like it a little
bit more. Here's another example where I
changed the background. And once again,
we're still able to have animations come
in and we can still make things look
really, really nice just by using our
natural language, which is obviously the
big unlock. But that same style of like
animating a course or like a lesson,
this is what we got with hyperframes. So
once again, I think it's just a little
bit more sophisticated and it just feels
a little bit more engaging. So that's
really the main difference between um
Remotion and Hyperframes. They don't
actually work under the hood the exact
same way. So that's important to
understand. But as far as like this
actual flow, they both basically do this
step, which is the animate step, and
then they will both go ahead and do the
rendering as well. But really, the most
important part is that you trim it first
and that you have the motion graphics
synced up to the exact moments that
you're saying the words that you want
those animations to pop in at. So,
what's important is that while you're
trimming it and then before you animate,
you're doing something to get the
transcript and have like a timestamp
correlated with every single word that
you say. And all of that is obviously
baked into our pipeline right here. Now,
the other thing that I want you guys to
think about is the fact that none of
this is going to be perfect because it
has to get used to your style and the
way that you work. I always tell people
to think about it like you're teaching a
kid to ride a bike. You can't just chuck
a kid on a bike and he or she's going to
ride it perfectly. You have to hold the
handlebars. You have to, you know, make
sure that they're balancing properly.
You have to help them adjust. And over
time, it's going to get to the point
where that kid is just riding the bike
and you don't even have to think about
it, but you have to steer it in the
right way at first. So, inside of this
video use project, there's going to be a
few skills. And right here you can see
when we were actually doing that thing
to just edit it, it used one of its
skills called video use and it was just
basically doing an edit only for
hyperframes handoff. Now within this
skill, it has to actually transcribe the
video. And there's a few different ways
that you can do this. You can use OpenAI
for a whisper API. You can use a local
sort of like tool which it can install
for you and run in the background. That
would be free. Or you could use also 11
Labs API which is what video use likes
to default to. Hyperframes likes to
default to OpenAI whisper or just
whisper. For this video I am using 11
Labs API because I think that it's
actually better at finding the right
moments to cut. But all three of those
methods are just fine. So let's say you
did want to use 11 Labs. Okay. What you
would do is you would go to 11 Labs. You
would come into the bottom left and
click on developers and you would go to
your API keys and then you would
basically just create a key right here
and then copy that value it gives you.
And then you would just need to come
into your cloud code project and drop
that key into a file called the enenv.
So the way that I would do that is I
would basically pull up your project in
an actual environment like this and I
would create a new file calledv or say
hey cloud code create me thev and then
I'll go ahead and drop my 11labs API key
inside of it. Or if you do want to use
uh visual studio code which is like one
of the reasons why I like to use it is
because I can see everything right here
and I could literally just click on my
env. This is the example, but I could
click on the ENV and then I could just
paste in my API key right there. So
either way you want to do it, just I
typically try to avoid just pasting it
straight into the actual chat. And the
reason for that is just because that
would stay in the conversation history
and just best practice to not do that.
So what you can see is that it comes
over here and it says, okay, here's what
I've got from the transcript. The raw
clip is 50 seconds and there are two
clear retake moments to cut. So here's
what it wants to keep. Here's the clean
intro. Here's what it wants to cut. I
have a false start. So, I kind of like
started talking and then I paused and
then I retake. So, it knows to cut that.
It's going to keep the next take. It's
going to cut another section where I
stutter and then it's going to keep the
end. So, it's going to basically cut it
down to about 37 seconds. And then it
says, "Okay, I've got two taste calls
for you. There's a trailing sew at 4220.
Do you want to leave this as a natural
breath or get rid of it?" And then it
says, "Cut edges around retakes. I'll
snap to word boundaries with 50
millisecond leads." I'm just going to
say, "Yep, make this as punchy
as possible." And we'll shoot that off
and it will come back with a fully
edited version for us. And then we'll
add the motion graphics. And by the way,
while we're waiting for all this, if you
guys do want a bit of a deeper dive as
far as like some other methods to edit
videos with Claude, and I go into
hyperframes a little bit more, I do an
even more depth setup and I talk at the
end about like some cost and speed
stuff, then definitely check out this
video after the one that you're watching
right now. All right, so that edit is
complete. is called edited.mpp4. It is
32 seconds long. And let's go ahead and
take a look to make sure that we're all
good. Okay. I actually don't know where
it put this, so I'm just going to say
give me the file path. It gave me the
file path right here. I'm going to copy
this and we're going to paste that in to
my explorer. And now we have the edited
version. Okay. So, this is going to be
the example video that we're editing
together live in this YouTube tutorial.
So, I might make a few mistakes and
that's okay because I'm going to show
you exactly how we edit those out with
AI without me having to do it. So, what
did we go over today? We went over using
video use to run the full pipeline where
you can drop in a raw file, it will edit
it and then it will do reotion graphics.
But, if you don't want to use the
remotion graphics, we also talked about
how you can use hyperframes for those
motion graphics as well. Hopefully now
you guys understand. Let's keep on
getting this video edited and I hope
that you all enjoy this YouTube video.
Perfect. I mean, that was edited exactly
the way that I would have done it myself
manually. And now we're ready to move on
to the next step. And you can see what
else it created was the transcript. So,
this should have all of the timestamps
associated with it as well. You can see
here if I go into my video projects and
I go into the edit demo and I go into
the assets, right here is where we see
that edited MP4. And right here, we can
also see transcripts. And if we open up
this JSON file, we can see the actual
transcript, right? We see the full
thing, but we also get the wordbyword
breakdown. So, we can see that. Okay.
Starts at 1.599
seconds. And if we wanted a motion
graphic to start when I say the word
you, then we would just need that motion
graphic to start at 11 seconds.199. So
you can see this is super super precise
and that's going to help a ton with the
motion graphics. Okay. So how do I like
to do this? Well, on the first pass,
because we don't yet have a style
figured out, we have to sort of steer it
like I told you guys earlier. So what
I'm going to do is open this file back
up and I want to figure out when we want
certain elements to pop in. So, here's
kind of my process. I'm going to use my
voice to text tool, which you guys can
see in the description, and I'm just
going to start talking and telling it
how I wanted to edit this video. Okay.
So, I need you to add motion graphics
using hyperframes to this video. I'm
going to give you some direction as far
as what we're looking for. Okay. So,
this is going to be the example video
that we're editing together live in this
YouTube tutorial. So, okay. So, at the
beginning when I say this is the example
video that we're editing live together,
I want you to pop up a liquid glass
style card on the left half of the
screen and I want the words to sort of
appear as if they are karaoke style
words popping in karaoke style um
subtitles and it should look like a
title of a video.
I might make a few mistakes and that's
okay because I'm going to show you
exactly how we edit those out with AI
without me having to do it. So, okay.
Okay. And then the next part when I talk
about I might make a few mistakes and
that's okay. What I want you to do is
add a card at the bottom of the screen
that says, you know, mistakes will be
cut. And then also add a motion graphic
on the right side of the screen that
just shows like an animation, you know,
a visual understanding of what does it
mean to edit out and trim mistakes. What
did we go over today? We went over using
video use to run the full pipeline where
you can drop in a raw file. It will edit
it and then it will do reotion graphics.
But if you don't Okay. And then the next
part when I talk about the video use
pipeline of dropping in a raw file and
having it be edited and reotion
graphics. I want you to animate that. I
want you to show me on a liquid glass
card an actual animation of raw file
being edited up with motion graphics
applied. So just you know show me tell
me a story paint a story here with these
animations don't want to use the reotion
graphics we also talked about how you
can use hyperframes for those motion
graphics as well hope okay and then the
next piece when I talk about using
hyperframes instead I want you to um
just show a different version of motion
graphics maybe a different color or some
other different animation style and you
can do that as cards both on the
lefthand side of the screen and the
right hand side of the screen. So that's
what we want for this video. Make sure
that everything is syncing up to the
exact second where it makes the most
sense for that motion graphic or that
text to pop in. And yeah, that is your
task. Let's see what you can do.
Okay, so we've just shut off that
prompt. What I like to do now is I like
to switch this to plan mode. So now it's
able to basically look at the
transcript. It's able to understand our
request and it's going to start to plan
out. Okay, I'm gonna make this card and
here's what it's going to say. Here's
what's going to be on it. I'm gonna have
this come in at this time stamp. Are you
okay with that? And we're basically able
to say, "Yes, I like this plan. Go build
the motion graphics now." Or we can
iterate a little bit before it actually
wastes our time and our clawed session
limit actually coding out and building
the HTML for the video. So, this
planning stage is very important. All
right, awesome. So, we got a plan back,
which I can go ahead and make a little
bit larger here. Okay, so we have our
talking head clip. We have the goal to
add four hyperframes motion graphics
beats which are kind of just like scenes
that feel like iOS 26 liquid glass
premium UI over a lightly dimmed talking
head each synced to the exact spoken
phrase blah blah blah that sounds good.
We have an aesthetic direction. We have
a motion philosophy doc which if you
download this um GitHub repo that I am
giving you guys then that will be in
there as well. But that just has some
best practices that I found for creating
these motion graphics. But anyways, we
have some color palette stuff. So, beat
A is going to be an intro glow with
teal. We've got orange. We've got
purple. We've got graphite. But now,
let's go to the actual timeline. So,
this is where we have to potentially
make some changes to the plan. There's a
bit of a bug here. It looks like this
column is getting Oh, okay. Never mind.
I just had to scroll over a little bit.
That does seem like a bit of a bug, but
either way, the beat timeline. So, the
intro is basically from 0 seconds to 5
seconds, and then we have 5 to 12, 12 to
20, and we have different things going
on. So, it's basically showing us what
word is the anchor. So, what word is
going to trigger the scene to basically
start. So, at this point, we would
basically go through each of the beats
or the scenes to make sure we like what
it's saying. So, I'll go through one
with you guys. I'm not going to read all
of them because I don't want to bore
you. But, let's say beat A. And by the
way, when I highlight, you can actually
leave comments. So, if we need to
comment, we can comment on something
very specific, which is nice. But, I'm
going to stop highlighting so that stops
popping up. We've got a liquid glass
card positioned on the left side, fills
left half, centered vertically. It
covers the empty wall and door area if
you guys remember the camera, but it
does not cover the speaker, which is
great. It's going to have a tiny
uppercase eyebrow that says edit demo
chapter 1. It's going to have a chrome
gradient. It's going to have a large
title that says the edit live, and
that's going to be on two different
lines. And then karaoke run beneath. So,
it's going to say this is going to be
the example in 34 font. Okay. Timing
anchors. Cool. So, that sounds like it
lines up with what I want. I'm going to
quickly scan through these other beats
and then I'm going to shoot it off.
Actually, I realized there's one more
thing that we showed in that intro that
I didn't do here. So, let me make a
change. I'm going to click on revise and
I'm just going to say this all looks
good, but I do want to add one more
scene at the very end. For most of the
video, or pretty much so far the whole
video is just my facecam full screen.
But what I want to do is in the last 5
seconds, I want to transition. I want to
take the face cam and I want to vertical
crop it with rounded edges and a drop
shadow and I want to reveal kind of just
a dark mode modern looking background
and I want the facecam to shift over to
the right half of the screen. On the
left half of the screen I want there
just to be text that says thanks for
watching. So now I can just shoot off
that revision. It's going to come back
with another plan and then I'm going to
go ahead and approve it and I'll check
in with you guys when we have that first
iteration done. But basically that's it.
As you guys saw I was just using my
natural language. I was being very very
specific. And I know you guys are
thinking, "Okay, well, how much time
does that really save if you're being
that specific every time?" Well, think
about it like this. In my real project,
I have video projects, right? So, if I
open this up, you can see how many
different videos I've made. I've made an
app release video. I made a hype video.
I made a lesson video. I made an intro.
I made demos. All of these videos are
training data. So, let's say I make five
different lessons. Now, I can basically
say, "Okay, cool. build a lesson design
markdown philosophy file, which means
every time I build a lesson, just use
that. And that's where you truly get to
the point of dropping in a raw file and
having it edited end to end once you've
kind of established a style for that
type of video. So like here, you can see
I've built three different YouTube
shorts. They're not that great. We're
still iterating a little bit, but we're
going to get to a point where our shorts
automation is so good that all I have to
do is drop in a raw video and it will
turn it into a short. So that's kind of
the mindset that I have here, and that's
the mindset you guys should have. And
that's why in this example, I wanted to
show you guys how specific I had to be
to get a good output. Okay, so it looks
like we're at a spot where this has come
back with a version for us to look at.
Now, if you come into the top right of
the desktop app and you click on
preview, you actually can preview it
right here, which is kind of a nice
feature. And it's just not full screen.
So, so you could definitely do it here
if you wanted to, you know, not context
switch out, but it's also as simple as
just clicking into the tab. But anyways,
now we are in here and let's just give
this a quick watch and see what we've
got. So, this is going to be the example
video that we're editing together live
in this YouTube tutorial. So, I might
make a few mistakes and that's okay
because I'm going to show you exactly
how we edit those out with AI without me
having to do it. So, what did we go over
today? We went over using video use to
run the full pipeline where you can drop
in a raw file, it will edit it and then
it will do remotion graphics. But if you
don't want to use the remotion graphics,
we also talked about how you can use
hyperframes for those motion graphics as
well. Hopefully, now you guys
understand. Let's keep on getting this
video edited and I hope that you all
enjoy this YouTube video. Okay, so it's
not too bad. Obviously, there's some
things we need to fix. Like this was
obviously horrible. It didn't get that
right. Um the other thing I noticed is
that this kind of covers my face a
little bit which we'll want to tweak.
And then also um where was it? It oh
just in general there's like a grid and
I think it's because when they go into
this background they want the grid to be
there which is fine but having this grid
just be there naturally is not what I
want. So, at this point, we just have to
go back and make some more comments.
Okay, so not bad. All of the motion
graphics are coming in at the right
time. I think you just made a few
mistakes when it comes to the actual
visuals. So, the first thing is in beat
one, the liquid glass looks good, but
it's actually covering my face a little
bit. So, if you could just scale this
down and then maybe crop off the right
side a little bit so it doesn't cover my
face, that would be beautiful. The next
thing is that across the whole video,
there's kind of like a grid pattern
overlay that is visible and it shouldn't
be there at all. I like the rest of the
beats until we get to the end where you
transition into the video crop. So, the
problem is you need to crop the left
side in and the right side in. So, we
keep the center. We keep the face cam
and that's a vertical
ratio with rounded crop corners.
And
that's mainly the issue because right
now what you did is you just cropped the
right side of the screen. Everything
else about the video looks good. So,
implement those changes and then we'll
give it a look. So, I'll just paste that
in and then once again I'm going to
shoot this off. Also, I apologize if
that video was like insanely loud. For
some reason, when it pulled it up in
that local host, it just like tripled
the decb. So I'm not exactly sure why.
So when we render it, it would be fine,
but sometimes in the preview, we get
little things like that. But we are
lucky that the timing was good cuz
iterating on the timing used to be a
little bit annoying. But now you can see
if I just kind of move this up, we have
the audio. Aha. Okay. So this is the
actual I believe this is probably the um
beat that is associated with sort of
like the graph background. Um but we
could move these around, right? I don't
have to because they all come in at the
right times. But this is where the
timeline editor is actually huge because
you can, you know, shorten things like,
you know, we could move this in or out.
We could delete things. And what happens
is because we make that change here,
that change actually gets reflected in
the actual code and then cloud code
would see that and just make sure it
reflects that change as well. So for
quick iterations, that can be a huge
timesaver. Okay, so here is the new
version. I'm going to open up this local
host and let's give it a quick watch.
Hopefully it's not absurdly loud again.
Okay, so this is going to be the example
video that we're editing together live
in this YouTube tutorial. So, I might
make a few mistakes and that's okay
because I'm going to show you exactly
how we edit those out with AI without
me. By the way, maybe I want to play
with the spacing because it might look
weird with like a right card and this
thing at the bottom and nothing on the
left. But I really like this this
animation. Look at this. Those cards go
red and then we have a scissor come
across and cut those out. Like remember,
I didn't ask it to do that. I just said
make an animation that looks like we're
editing the video and it did that. Very
nice. Exactly how we edit those out with
AI without me having to do it. So, what
did we go over today? We went over using
video use to run the full pipeline where
you can drop in a raw file, it will edit
it and then it will do reotion graphics.
But if you don't want to use the
remotion graphics, we also talked about
how you can use hyperframes for those
motion graphics as well. Hopefully now
you guys understand. Let's keep on
getting this video edited and I hope
that you all enjoy. Okay, beautiful. Now
that we have that, we could either keep
going back and forth and editing like
you guys saw or we just basically say,
"Hey, give me the render." And then it
pops it into your project and you would
just be able to, you know, throw that
into whatever else you want, upload it.
That's basically it. And like I said,
just to switch back to the VS Code
version now, because of the way that
I've set up this project, every time I
drop in raw assets, it all gets
organized by project. So, for example,
if we look at the edit demo, we now have
assets. We have the clips, we have the
transcripts, we have anything else that
it needs. We have the compositions which
are the actual beats HTML. And this is
what it's using in order to make those
animations display. And this is what
we're actually rendering. We have
different components. And then we have
any final renders in here. And this is
where it's verifying the actual
screenshots, which is really cool. I'm
basically telling it to take screenshots
of what's going on in the scene to make
sure that it looks good. Because
sometimes it'll just come back and say,
"Hey, I've done this, but it doesn't
look good at all." So, if we tell it to
take screenshots, it has to go verify
for itself. And that is just a really
nice trick that I found out to do. So,
anyways, like I said, now you have all
these projects and you can start to make
different folders. Every time you want
to do an intro, if you want your intros
to look like this, now you use this one
as a reference and you just make your
intros better every single time. And
that's where you get to the point where
this is like way more automated. And the
other thing I did want to call out is
you guys watched me shoot off all of
these prompts and you guys saw
everything that it built, all of those
different HTML files it had to make. How
many tokens did this cost? This took us
about 238,000 tokens. So, not too bad,
but not great either because this will
eat some tokens. And that's why the more
specific you can be with your planning
and with your iterating, the better
because you don't want it to go down the
wrong path and then it wastes tokens and
it wastes your time. So, be specific.
And if you guys want to dive into more
stuff, then you can check out this video
where I go deeper, like I said earlier,
into some other tactics and show off
some other examples and how you can get
the most out of hyperframes. But
anyways, as this slide says, thanks for
watching. This is going to do it for
today. I noticed that this is a little
bit of a blurry thing that I would want
to fix, but that would be a super simple
iteration for us. But anyways, if you
enjoyed the video, please give it a
like. It helps me out a ton. And as
always, I appreciate you guys making it
to the end of the video, and I will see
you on the next one. Thanks everyone.